# PPMShipmentStatus

Status of the PPM Shipment:   * **DRAFT**: The customer has created the PPM shipment but has not yet submitted their move for counseling.   * **SUBMITTED**: The shipment belongs to a move that has been submitted by the customer or has been created by a Service Counselor or Prime Contractor for a submitted move.   * **WAITING_ON_CUSTOMER**: The PPM shipment has been approved and the customer may now provide their actual move closeout information and documentation required to get paid.   * **NEEDS_ADVANCE_APPROVAL**: The shipment was counseled by the Prime Contractor and approved but an advance was requested so will need further financial approval from the government.   * **NEEDS_CLOSEOUT**: The customer has provided their closeout weight tickets, receipts, and expenses and certified it for the Service Counselor to approve, exclude or reject.   * **CLOSEOUT_COMPLETE**: The Service Counselor has reviewed all of the customer's PPM closeout documentation and authorizes the customer can download and submit their finalized SSW packet. 

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**value** | **str** | Status of the PPM Shipment:   * **DRAFT**: The customer has created the PPM shipment but has not yet submitted their move for counseling.   * **SUBMITTED**: The shipment belongs to a move that has been submitted by the customer or has been created by a Service Counselor or Prime Contractor for a submitted move.   * **WAITING_ON_CUSTOMER**: The PPM shipment has been approved and the customer may now provide their actual move closeout information and documentation required to get paid.   * **NEEDS_ADVANCE_APPROVAL**: The shipment was counseled by the Prime Contractor and approved but an advance was requested so will need further financial approval from the government.   * **NEEDS_CLOSEOUT**: The customer has provided their closeout weight tickets, receipts, and expenses and certified it for the Service Counselor to approve, exclude or reject.   * **CLOSEOUT_COMPLETE**: The Service Counselor has reviewed all of the customer&#39;s PPM closeout documentation and authorizes the customer can download and submit their finalized SSW packet.  |  must be one of ["DRAFT", "SUBMITTED", "WAITING_ON_CUSTOMER", "NEEDS_ADVANCE_APPROVAL", "NEEDS_CLOSEOUT", "CLOSEOUT_COMPLETE", ]

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


